cli: add system command and subcmds to interact with system API. (#6924)
hashicorp/nomad: website/source/docs/commands/system.html.md

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Commands: system"
sidebar_current: "docs-commands-system"
description: >
  The system command is used to interact with the system API.
---

# Command: system

> The `system` command is used to interact with namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `system` command is used to interact with the system API. These calls are used for system maintenance and should not be necessary for most users.
```
